After you get done with your initial entrance processing for the military,
then you're onward to boot camp. Boot camp is about three months,
and they train you on simple things, tying knots, communicating with
other people, how to do drill formations, things that you see in
Full Metal Jacket. If you want to watch the first half of that movie
then you understand what boot camp tries to be like. After that, then
you're onward to your first vocational school, which is called A
school. It ranges in size my school was six months, but it could be
as short as two weeks. In general it's a couple months. After that
time, then you're supposed to go off to your ship unless your in an
advanced program like I was, in which case you'll go on to another school.
My next school was a nuclear power school for another six months,
and then after that I had prototype training, which means that
they sent me to a real prototype to train on the real thing with people
watching me, of course and that was six months. Then I went to my
ship.